README.md, before:

# Track City

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Track City is a versatile application designed to help users track various aspects of their lives, interests, and activities effortlessly. Whether you're monitoring your fitness progress, managing personal finances, or tracking daily habits, Track City empowers you to gather and analyze data in a simple and intuitive way.

## Features

- **Add multiple schedules:** You can easily add multiple schedules to manage many workloads simultaneously!
- **Data Entry and Management:** Easily input data related to the selected schedule using intuitive ftables and interfaces.
- **Visual Data Representation:** Gain valuable insights into your progress and trends with interactive charts and tables.
- **Download and share schedules:** Use our download pdf function to share schedules with everyone and make sure they stay on task!

## Screenshots

![Track City Page](src/assets/track-city.png)


## Getting Started

To get started with Track City, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/track-city.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   cd track-city
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## Libraries

* MUI
* Chart.js
* HTML2Canvas
* jspdf

## Deployment

Track City is deployed on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) and can be accessed [here](https://track-city.netlify.app/).

## Contributors

Meet the team behind Track City:


## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
```

Commit message:

ReadMe removed Contributors and updated Getting Started info.

README.md, after:

# Track City

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Track City is a versatile application designed to help users track various aspects of their lives, interests, and activities effortlessly. Whether you're monitoring your fitness progress, managing personal finances, or tracking daily habits, Track City empowers you to gather and analyze data in a simple and intuitive way.

## Features

- **Add multiple schedules:** You can easily add multiple schedules to manage many workloads simultaneously!
- **Data Entry and Management:** Easily input data related to the selected schedule using intuitive ftables and interfaces.
- **Visual Data Representation:** Gain valuable insights into your progress and trends with interactive charts and tables.
- **Download and share schedules:** Use our download pdf function to share schedules with everyone and make sure they stay on task!

## Screenshots

![Track City Page](src/assets/track-city.png)


## Getting Started

To get started with Track City, follow these steps:

1. To contribute to Track City or review the repository locally, you can use git clone.
2. Use npm install to ensure all dependencies are available
3. Use npm run dev to view Track City locally

## Libraries

* MUI
* Chart.js
* HTML2Canvas
* jspdf

## Deployment

Track City is deployed on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) and can be accessed [here](https://track-city.netlify.app/).


## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
```
